---
title: Just Build It
date: Sat Jun 21, 2025
---

When it comes to building (it could be anything), one aspect that's always important is *creativity*

You can spend time studying the greats, their motivations, inspirations and what led them to create the things they did. But that most likely won't help you, if you're trying to build something of your own.

If you ask anyone who likes building things about their creations, you'll get amazing answers. Some will say they did it to fill a hole they felt in their life. Some create to express their feelings. Some can’t even tell you why.

One of the hardest things in the world is taking an idea in your head and making it **real**. I applaud anyone who can do that in their respective medium.

I have a few, but the one I like to focus on is software.

Before you say <em>"that's a job bro, no one codes for fun"</em> that's where you would be wrong.

Sure, 98% of programmers code only when they are working, but the other 2% that do it for fun end up with pretty crazy results. 

Think of programming languages like **LEGO** bricks, you can follow the "instructions" and get a pretty cool outcome, or use the bricks to build something completely different and unique to you!

Take **Linus Torvalds**, for example. He started building Linux as a hobby project for his own computer and it grew into one of the most important operating systems in the world. Not to mention he also invented **GIT**, a version control software for himself, now millions of developers worldwide use it daily when writing code. 

I could go on,  **Facebook** was just a college project, **Instagram** was built in 8 weeks, **Minecraft** started as a personal side game, and **Twitch** began as one guy livestreaming his life. Even outside of tech, things like **LEGOs**, **Slinkys**, **WD-40**, and **Play-Doh** were born out of curiosity and the desire to build.

That's why I personally think building is the best thing you can do for your soul. Maybe your plan is to build the next YC-backed startup, or something personal for you or a loved one to use. You should JUST DO IT, there is no better satisfaction than building something you yourself are proud of!