---
title: Moving to NYC
date: Sun Jul 6, 2025
---

A few months ago, I decided to do a summer program in NYC. I didn’t know exactly what I was getting myself into. Now that it’s been a month, I’ve realized some things.

I was hoping to be sick of this place by now, but sadly that’s not the case. I’ve started to fall in love with the noise, the smells, the people, and the chaos that happens in this city. How spontaneous it can be, how my plans for an afternoon nap turn into changing clothes and hopping on the L to meet a friend. Kinda crazy how life works. Here are some things I’ve learned.

## I’m okay with being alone

Thankfully, I have a good childhood friend here to keep me company, but man, being away from the rest of my friends and family is by far the hardest part. But I’m okay with that. As selfish as it sounds, me being home or not isn’t going to stop my grandpa or my niece from getting any older.

## This city is fucking EXPENSIVE

Let me tell you, it’s humbling when you realize how fast your money disappears here. Having to cook at home has been a blessing in disguise. I literally cannot afford to eat out, so I’ve been forced to learn how to cook the foods I’m craving, which is actually a huge plus for me.

## I walk EVERYWHERE

Back home, I could go weeks without hitting 15,000 steps. Never thought I’d move this much just going about my life, and I honestly love it. This is another blessing in disguise, it’s forcing me to fix my unhealthy habits and stay active. I’ve even transitioned from being a powerlifter to a runner (I can’t afford a gym membership lol).

## Discovering what I’m capable of

Moving here forced me to grow up in ways I didn’t expect. First off, who knew I’d need to get clothes hangers, soap, laundry stuff, and all the little things? Damn, I guess this is what adults think about. Also, being on a mission and having something to accomplish is easier when it’s do or die, like it is for me here. I have a short amount of time left to figure out a way to stay in this beautiful city. But just being here, I have no doubt I’ll figure it out.